= libacl-ruby

== Prerequesites

In order to successfully install libacl-ruby, you need the following: 

* Ruby >= 1.9.2
* A C++ compiler (we use the {GNU project's}[http://www.gnu.org] <tt>g++</tt>)
* libacl

== How to install?

=== RubyGems

This is the easiest and preferred way. Ensure you have a proper built 
environment for C++ code, and then do 

  # gem install libacl-ruby

=== Building from source

If you want to be on the bleeding etch, clone the our 
{git repository at GitHub}[https://github.com/Hanmac/libacl-ruby]: 

  $ git clone https://github.com/Hanmac/libacl-ruby.git
  $ cd libacl-ruby

Then you can either choose to use the library from that directory by running 

  $ rake compile

or to make a gem and install that one. 

  $ rake gem
  # gem install --local pkg/libacl-ruby-x.x.x

== How to use?

First, you have to require the library: 

  require "acl" #Note this is NOT "libacl-ruby"

Then you can use the beautiful rubyish API: 

  
== Further reading

Have a look at the documentation for the ACL and ACL::Entry classes 
for more information. 

== Contributors

The following people have worked on libacl-ruby beside 
me: 

* Quintus <sutniuq ÄT gmx DÖT net> contributed to the docs

== License

libacl-ruby is a Ruby binding for the C library libacl. 

Copyright © 2011 Hans Mackowiak

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

=== Contact

You can read me via the email address hanmac ÄT gmx DÖT de. 
